In the last lecture we created all the pages we're going to need.
They're still in their roll for them.
We haven't added any special content to them but we didn't do that because our app is not really working
that great.
Instead if we have a look at our running application and let it reload here.
Well see we only see the blank favorite's page.
We get no tabs to navigate around.
And also of course we have no side menu or come back to the site manual later.
But I want to start with the tabs first and tap's navigation is something we haven't looked at yet.
So let's take a closer look now.
To understand how we can navigate around with tap's or a side menu we have to go back to does navigation
stack.
This stack of pages I want to use.
Until now we always saw a single stack.
That means if we click on a button we push a new page on that stack and we view that page the bottom
page here in this case.
Now I own it too is also able to handle multiple stacks of pages kind of it will always have one root
stack but inside of the stack you can split it up.
Let's see an example here.
We're using a tap's page at this tap's page sits on the root stack.
However when we click a page click a tab here or should say it will load two different Suppe stacks
of pages.
So if the page loaded Fruita tab we navigate around and push new pages on the stack.
This will be on the stack for this tab.
And if we then switched the tab we were on a totally new stack of pages and you will see this in action
soon.
As a side note you will also later see us when we implement a side menu because there we will also have
two different stacks of pages.
That's the theory.
Now let's implement is in practice by actually adding tabs to our application